---
title: 2021-01 Release
date: '2021-01-23'
---

## Advancements from 2020-12

- NextJS - Updated from Create React App to NextJS.
  - This allows systems like Facebook, Google, and Discord to properly scrape and embed the website from links.
  - It also minimizes project bundle sizes by generating the HTML for the static sites automatically during build time.
- Database connection update - With the move to NextJS, we were also presented with the ability to create serverless functions to make connections to the MongoDB database.

  This should fix a momentary crash when the website loads the first time as the MongoDB Realm system has been removed from the website in favor of a direct connection.

- Move from Github Pages to Vercel. Vercel is the recommended platform to host NextJS applications.

- Massacre Mission Tracker - the tracker is now live!
  - Due to issues with EDSM, it is currently hardcoded on Bibaridji and HIP 4120. In the future, you will be able to add/delete Haz Rez systems.
  - You can Add/Delete Columns to adjust how many missions you receive for a certain faction.
  - Rows are banded to assist visually.
- Merch Store - With the Logo competition in full swing, the website has a placeholder for the future merch store. We look forward to the store once the logo selection is concluded.

## Support

Questions, queries, or suggestions, please direct them to the website-improvement channel in the USC Discord or to webdev@unitedsystems.org. You may even open an issue at [usc-website-next's repository](https://github.com/Admiralfeb/usc-website-next/issues).
